And, there! Done!
(Boruto) The shadow I saw
kinda looked like this!
[stunned]
When it happened
to Shino Sensei...
he said it felt like he was
being controlled the whole
time, right?
Uh huh.
So that must mean...
There's someone behind
this pulling the strings?
Although, then it
would be unusual...
for the person being
controlled to have a
memory of what happened.
Besides, controlling
someone is usually done
for a purpose, right?
Yeah, you'd think so.
But so far, all people
did was go on rampages.
And that's why I'm wondering
if this is just some kind of
illness.
But if that's so...
The fact that you're the
only one who can see it...
just doesn't seem
to make sense! [sigh]
[sigh]
(Sarada) Damn it...
Now we've wasted so much time
thanks to Boruto and those other
guys!
Well, maybe they had some
kind of emergency.
Please! Don't let
them fool you.
I guarantee you that all they
wanted to do was get out of
cleaning duty!
[slow, creepy heavy breathing]
(Cho‐Cho) Eh, who cares about
those losers? Let's go and get
something sweet to eat!
[slow, creepy heavy breathing]
Sweet treats from all over the
world are waiting for us!
Yay!
Huh?
What's wrong,
Miss Class Rep?
Oh... Well, uh...I thought I
felt someone watching me.
Hm. I don't see anyone
around here, so...
Sorry! [sheepish
chuckle]
Hm?
[frightened gasp]
Who's there?!
[heavy breathing]
[people chattering and shopping]
Huh?
[worried sighing]
You guys. isn't it obvious that
I'm wasting away?!
Uh...I guess so?
She's been like this
ever since it started.
What?! Are you telling us that
you're still being stalked?
We can sense someone watching
but we never see them.
[chewing]
I'm so anxious, I haven't been
able to eat properly.
[sighs]
Stalkers are totally sticky,
just like natto!
And I really, really hate it!
They just won't leave me alone
and in peace, whoever they are!
But next time, I'm gonna find
him and get him for sure!
Is this another incident?
No way. Come on, it's not
as if everything's gonna
lead to a rampage now.
Hmm.
[children chattering]
[groaning]
(Cho‐Cho) Ugh, I hate this!
I can't believe that I actually
ran out of potato chips!
I thought you were having
problems eating properly.
[chuckling]
(Cho‐Cho) Potato chips, potato
chips!
[gasp] Oh!
Mugwort and Sweet
Red Bean Paste, huh?
Hmm.
Sure, why not?
[people chattering]
[humming]
[chewing]
Ugh! Too sweet!
Why on earth did you
buy that flavor?
It may know it sucks, but
even so...
it's still trying to compete
against all those other chips as
a new product.
No one's even considered
buying it.
It's been ignored and shoved
to the corner of the lowest
shelf.
That's exactly why I had to
accept its challenge, fair and
square.
[crunch] So sweet!
Uh...
Sure thing.
You think he'll show
up again today?
Well...sticky guys like that do
tend to show up in deserted
places like this.
[gasp]
So, you are here!
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
[crash]
[pained yell]
(Shikadai) What was
that scream about?
(Boruto) It came from close by!
Hm?
(Boruto) What's she‐‐?
That guy's no match for her!
What's she doing to him?!
Cho‐Cho! Hey! You don't have to
be so violent!
What?
(Boruto) Huh?
So this is the guy you've
been talking about?
That's right.
[sigh]
Huh?
Wait, come to
think of it, you're...
You know this guy?
(Cho‐Cho) I'm pretty sure he's
Magire from the class next door.
There aren't that many handsome
guys in the Academy, so I'd say
he actually ranks near the top.
I can't believe he was really
following you.
Hm.
Boruto, does this guy have...?
Nah, I don't see
anything around him.
And I don't sense anything
weird coming from him, either.
Okay.
But still...
We can't just let him off
the hook that easily, ya know.
[sigh]
All right! Why would you do
something like this?
[whimpering]
(Boruto) Have you really been
stalking Cho‐Cho?
[whimpering]
(Boruto) Hey! Why don't you say
anything?!
[whimpering]
Ah, silent treatment, huh?
But seriously. What are you
doing following Cho‐Cho around?
You have really
strange taste.
[giggle] Oh, my!
I totally understand why you
would want to follow me around,
but I'm so, so sorry.
You and I, well, we're just like
macaroons and natto.
We're just in different
leagues.
No! You're wrong!
The person I'm following...is
Miss Sumire!
Oh, no!
What?! The Class Rep?!
So that means the
one he likes is...
What? Huh?
[shocked wailing]
[sigh] Man! I'm so relieved!
Well! Great! It seems my plan to
get him to confess the truth...
was a complete and total
success, then!
Yeah, right!
Well, in any case, you
took all of this way too far.
But, what else was I
supposed to do, then?
I‐‐I just...
All that I really wanted to do
was breathe the same air as
Sumire!
[shiver]
Dude that's
real creepy.
So, are we all done here? I'll
just be on my way...
No we're just getting
started, pal!
Actually, this may
be your big chance.
(Everyone) Huh?!
[chuckle]
Now's the time to tell her how
you feel.
What?!
W‐‐ What are‐‐?!
Are you serious?!
If you tell her how you feel
right now, then I'll forgive you
for what you've been doing.
And maybe even...
[encouraging chuckle]
[gasp]
[gasps]
Hm?
Hm.
[gasp]
What?! He's doing it!
He's doing it!
[deep breath]
I've had a crush on you!
For a really long time!
Please! Will you
go out with me?!
He actually did it!
I'm sorry!
And he got rejected!
[gasp]
[sighs]
No way, what the hell?! I only
did it 'cause you told me to!
I should've just stayed hidden.
I would've been better off!
[crying]
Yeah, I thought something
like this would happen.
Seriously?! You did?
Wow, I really can't
believe that she'd
be so cruel.
Listen. Here, have one of these.
Cheer up, okay?
Huh?
You never really know what's
going to happen until you step
up to the challenge, right?
So now you'll know just what
to do the next time.
(Cho‐Cho) You understand?
[grunt] Are you messing
with me?!
What the hell?!
[sobbing]
(Sarada) Talk about rubbing salt
into a wound.
Hmm. Well, if he doesn't get it,
then he's just a loser.
Still too sweet!
This is gonna be hard
for him to accept.
Let's go!
You think that dude's
gonna be okay?
[birds chirping]
So what happened
to the stalker?
I don't know.
Don't ask me!
So I hear you're popular
with the boys!
How'd you find out? It
just happened yesterday!
(Namida) [shriek]
Namida! What's
the matter?!
Just look at the
blackboard!
Whose idea of a prank is this?
[shiver]
Everyone, just keep working
on your drawings.
Uh, what's going on here?
[growl] It's that guy.
(Mitsuki) Boruto... Apparently,
you‐know‐who was absent today.
Huh?!
No one's seen him.
That can't be!
My intuition's never
wrong. I'm sure it was him!
What's that?
(Everyone) Huh?
[gasp]
Eww! He's lost it.
Pretty sure that guy's the only
one that would have done this.
Yeah, you're right about that.
Although...
(Cho‐Cho) How did he do it?
Damn it, where do you
think he could be now?
Don't worry.
As long as the Class Rep's
not alone, it'll be fine.
Huh?
What the‐‐?! What is this?!
[gasp]
This guy's serious.
(Boruto) You okay?
[grunt] Damn it!
(Mitsuki) It's pretty solid.
It might be dangerous
to stay here!
Let's go.
[worried panting]
(Shikadai) Hey! Wait, you guys!
I don't think he'll
find us in here. Do you?
(Cho‐Cho) We ran super far, so
I'm sure we'll be fine.
[sighs]
[coughing]
What's going on?!
I can't see anything!
[coughing]
I‐‐ I'll open the door!
[door sliding]
[panting and coughing]
Hey, you guys! It's this
way!
[slam]
[gasp]
(Sarada) Huh?! Where?!
(Cho‐Cho) Ouch!
Sarada! Cho‐Cho!
(Sarada) Hold on!
Huh?
Hey! Miss Class Rep!
What's going on?!
Oh! Denki!
Are you oka‐‐?
[grunt]
Oof!
[gasp]
[chuckling]
Finally, we're
alone together...
[gasp]
(Magire) [heavy
breathing]
(Cho‐Cho) [coughing]
We made it!
Denki! What
happened?
[pained grunts]
Is that guy behind
this, too?!
He's totally out
of control.
Hey, where's
the Class Rep?
Sorry.
(Sumire) [scream]
That was her!
(Sumire) Stop! Don't
come near me!
Just what is it about me you
don't like, Sumire?
[whimper]
All right! This has
gone far enough!
You okay, Class Rep?
I knew that you
were behind all
of this!
Could you not
bother us right now?
We finally have a
chance to be together.
(Boruto) Wait, that's‐‐!
[grunt]
I see that shadow again.
Yesterday, you said he
didn't have anything
around him!
Yeah, I know I did, but
it's there right now.
So he may start rampaging
at any moment.
Listen up natto guy! I'm
gonna flatten you. You
understand what I'm saying?
Sit tight, Sumire. I'm gonna
get rid of these guys for us
right now, okay?
Watch out!
Thanks for
that, Sarada!
Hey, you!
Boruto, what now?!
I guess we're just gonna
have to knock him out.
Hey!
Hm?
Fine, we'll take you on.
[gasp] Boruto!
All right. What'll you
do this time, Boruto?
Now get away from the
Class Rep!
Shut up, shut up, shut up!
Shut up!! Don't interfere with
me and Sumire!
Disguise jutsu!
He's gone?!
I see.
He must have used this
ninjutsu when he wrote
on the class blackboard.
(Magire) Sumire is the only
one who can truly see me!
[gasp]
(Magire) There's no way
that you guys can see me.
Where is he?!
Damn it.
Whoa!
That's what happens
without a plan!
[grunts]
Boruto!
Quickly! We need a plan!
[grunts]
(Magire) I never stood out from
the crowd. But Sumire was
different than the others!
She came over and talked to me!
Me! She actually talked to
someone like me!
[grunt]
Damn!
[sigh]
[grunts]
[deep inhale]
Hey, you! That's enough!
Huh?
Do you actually believe that
doing this is the best way to
win the Class Rep's heart?
Hey, listen Cho‐Cho! Be
careful with this guy!
Sneaking around and doing
stuff like this isn't gonna
get a lady to notice you.
The reason I picked
these gross chips...
was because they'd been
sitting on the shelves just
about forever.
What? Po‐‐
Potato chips?!
But you...you've just hidden
yourself away and you aren't
even on the shelf right now.
Even these potato chips are
stepping up to the challenge!
But you've totally removed
yourself from the "romance
shelf!"
(Magire) I did step up
to the challenge! But
it didn't work!
Hm?
(Magire) So there's no reason
to go back on any shelf!
Before now, nobody else
had ever really noticed me!
No, you're wrong
about that.
They've noticed. I
doubt you've been
able to hide.
[angry grunts]
You can't hide that
you're weak and pathetic.
Who would ever want to talk to a
person like that?
Then what am I supposed to do?!
First of all, think
about why you have that
Disguise Jutsu of yours.
Polish that skill, keep stepping
up to the challenge, and be
someone people take notice of.
And become a strong and
dependable man!
Hmm.
[chewing]
[gasp] It's delicious!
Right? You're never
sure until you step
up to the challenge.
You know what I mean?
Then you'll know what
to do the next time.
Since you're kinda
handsome already...
Work on becoming a
better man and once you
are, come back to me.
Come back to
you, Cho‐Cho?
[sobbing]
All right!
What do you mean, "all right?"
You do realize you almost got
stabbed!
So what? Once you share chips,
you become friends! That's just
common sense.
[sobbing]
It's disappearing...
What... What have I done?!
[sobbing]
What the heck is
going on here?!
Hey Boruto. We didn't
knock him out, but he
still went back to normal.
I know. And the
shadow's disappeared.
[deep breaths]
Um...
I'm sorry. For everything...
Oh...It's okay, really!
I'm so, so sorry!
[sniffle]
And I promise you I will
never hide in front of you
again, Sumire.
[gasp]
Mhm.
[shocked gasps]
You okay?!
What's wrong with him?
(Sarada) Maybe we should take
him to the nurse's office.
(Shikadai) Yeah. Probably.
(Sumire) Boruto?
Hey, Boruto!
What's the matter?
Huh? Oh, no. Don't
worry, it's nothing at all!
Come on, let's all go home.
Guess that's it for now.
[people chatting]
(Boruto) Why did he go
back to normal?
Well, I guess you can shake
that thing off even if you're
not knocked out physically.
[chewing]
Yeah, that happened with Denki,
too.
But why did he become so gaunt
all of a sudden?
It's just like when you lose a
lot of chakra, actually.
Hmm?
You're right.
Yeah, that's true. But his jutsu
wasn't that demanding.
So, guys...
Can chakra manifest as a giant
monster?
I mean, do you think
something like that's even
possible?
Huh? A monster? Hmm.
Wait! Hold on one sec!
Hmm?
I'm not sure if it's chakra or
what it is but I saw a monster
just like this around that guy.
[groans]
Seems you saw something
amazing...
Well, anyway, I've never heard
of anything like that before.
All those incidents. You think
they could be related to chakra?
(Naruto) People are losing
chakra?
Yeah. A number of people have
been taken to the hospital
lately.
It's not clear if it's from an
illness or from something
someone did.
We should keep an eye on the
situation.
You think that chakra's being
targeted?
(Shikamaru) I've arranged for
an investigation with
that possibility in mind.
Hmm.
(Mitsuki) It seems Boruto's able
to see it after all.
Hmm. That's right. He described
it as looking like a monster.
All right, then.
I'll keep investigating.
But...
Why is Boruto the only one
who can see it?
(Naruto) What's wrong? Did
something happen?
(Hinata) Boruto's been acting
kind of strange...
(Boruto) I can't believe the
fate of the world is on my
shoulders!
My destiny was revealed in a
pearl grey‐colored nightmare!
No one can escape my Byakugan,
the eye that unravels lies.
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Dream's
Revelation."
(Himawari) Big Brother is acting
weird!